All right.
So one last thing I want to say before we move on to the next step that is the solution is that of course
the challenge here you know the deal here is that we must find the best strategy as fast as possible
because indeed deploying these strategies for each of these customers has cost and therefore the more
we try to experiment and find better edges that is the more rounds it takes us to find the best strategies.
The more costly it will be for the business.
But then mostly Let's not forget the ultimate goal of what we're doing here.
Mostly if we find the best strategy.
Well that means we'll get the maximum customers to subscribe the premium plan.
And that means we'll maximize the monthly or yearly fixed income coming from the subscriptions.
And you know if you are an online retail business with millions of customers well of course if you managed
to convert the maximum customers to subscribe to your premium plan well that's going to be a huge win
for your business because among these nine strategies here one of them has the best conversion rate
like let's say for example 20 percent or 20 percent conversion rate you know that would be a really
powerful strategy.
Well if you managed to find that strategy that means you will manage to convert 20 percent of your millions
of customers to subscribe to the premium plan and therefore the business will make many more millions
of dollars every month or every year coming from the subscriptions.
So we have to find the strategy.
And let me show you just quickly the algorithm that will find its best strategy its name is Thompson
sampling and here we go.
Thats the whole algorithm we will implement in this course.
All right now we will move on to Step 2 of this plan of attack so the solution both the intuition and
the theory with Kyrios intuition lectures dont forget to have a look at the book.
You also have all the details and now so you in step three for implementation in Python.
Until then enjoy AI.